every little noise of them makes me feel
sick
suppose you are knocked out I'll have to
bear this hair any second left-handed
rally sir
what is the tour of an old friend is out
here captain Stan you don't want to join
them they may have a hell of a time of
it it's just what I'm hoping for
you haven't been in the army five
minutes of me
our company commander you know hello
it's time you'll find him change
he said this company throws Falls of
rocking times big strain on a man he
used to come and stay with me my sister
Margaret in the holidays she is
beautiful she waiting for
I don't want to see how short I am
[Music]
we won't last five minutes if the
Germans attack you'll to stay where you
are for as long as you can
when's that expected day after tomorrow
this waiting is I think someone to the
headmaster
they've sent us here to die
all these youngsters do not realize how
unlucky they are
or does it matter they all feel like we
do
I'm glad is yummy together
I can't stick it in do you think this
terrific tour about
there is a job to be done my darling
I mean to go through this is a mistic
addict
the only thing that this man can't
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]